added the linked to example into the input url page (#38701)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/reference/elements/input/url/index.md

## Value

> The {{HTMLElement("input")}} element's [`value`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#value) attribute contains a string that is automatically validated as conforming to URL syntax. More specifically, there are two possible value formats that will pass validation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{HTMLElement("input")}} element's [`value`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/input#value) attribute contains a string that is automatically validated as conforming to URL syntax. More specifically, there are two possible value formats that will pass validation:
```
